Added PR_TEMPLATE (#398)
buildpacks/docs: .github/PR_TEMPLATE.md

## Summary
<!-- Provide a high-level summary of the change. -->
This PR fixes #

## Output
<!-- If applicable, please provide examples of the output changes. -->

#### Before

#### After

**Notes for Reviewers**

**[Signed commits](https://github.com/buildpacks/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#sign-off-process)**
- [ ] Yes, I signed my commits.
 

<!--

> Thank you for contributing to Meshery! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for contributing to Cloud Native Buildpacks! 
```

Author: Oh yes! how can I forget that; 😄

Contributing Conventions:

> 1. Include descriptive PR titles with [<component-name>] prepended.
> 2. Build and test your changes before submitting a PR. 
> 3. Sign your commits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `make prepare-for-pr` before submitting a PR. 
2. Sign your commits.
```
